That looks good.
Senpai!
What do you think of my hip motions?
Come in, now!
Find the right moment and slide in!
Come on, hurry up!
No, but when?
You're such a pervert!
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
You Got Your Wish, Senpai !!
Big Boob Vampires
I couldn't wait to buy Big Boob Vampires.
I bought it on my way to school.
It's the volume with the hot spring
chapter everyone's talking about!
Pervert!
Stop looking!
Nagatoro!
Senpai...
'Sup?!
Er, 'sup?
What were you eating all by yourself?
Y-Yakisoba.
Want some?
Why would you offer that to a girl?
That's why you're not popular with girls.
Anyway...
Was it just me, or did you have
a sketchy look in your eyes earlier?
Wh-What are you talking about?
You were like this.
I got creepy vibes from you.
I-I don't know what you're talking about.
You were looking at something pervy.
Let me see!
It's nothing pervy!
You're so obvious.
You're a closet perv.
You like sexy stuff.
I-I-I-I'm not like that.
If that's what you want, I can let you do it.
D-Do it?!
Gotcha!
Hey!
Give it back!
You're so easy, Senpai.
No way I'd do it with you.
Did you get your hopes up?
You need to know your place, pervy Senpai.
What!?
I knew it! It's a pervy thing!
No! Those kinds of sexy scenes have
always been a staple in shonen manga.
I always buy it for the story!
I mean, like, er, um...
Now you're fast talking all of a sudden.
You're so gross, Senpai.
No, I...
You say all that...
Ack!
Kyaa!
Crash
Squish
But this is what you like, isn't it?
What is this? Accidentally lucky?
Th-That's...
You want to play with someone's boobs right
as you're falling, don't you, Senpai?
S-Stop confusing fiction and reality.
Senpai, you pervert.
Th-That's just a silly bonus chapter.
It's the main vampire story
that I want to read.
Vampire story?
It was pervy, but it was
actually pretty good.
Right?
Love and romance with an immortal.
I love vampire stuff.
But one of the characters kind
of resembles you, didn't he?
He runs around holding a bunch of
garlic, which doesn't even work.
He falls victim to the vampire's fangs...
and gets the life sucked out of him.
H-He's nothing like me.
You'd be all right if you were
attacked by a vampire, though.
Huh? Why?
Because you're a virgin.
If you weren't a virgin...
You'd end up a ghoul!
A mindless ghoul!
But you'll be fine.
Good thing you're a virgin, huh?
Shut up!
H-How do y-you know I'm a v-v-virgin?
You'd have to be a vampire or something.
That's true.
Want to find out, then?
I'm kidding.
R-Right. Of course.
Can I try...
Can you try...?
...taking a bite?
No!
I won't suck.
I just want to try biting down.
What is wrong with you?!
Are you giving up on being human?
I'm just pretending to suck your blood.
Just pretending.
See? My canine teeth are pretty sharp.
I just want to try giving
you a prick with this.
I feel like I'm actually a vampire.
Cut it out!
G-Get off me.
Nope.
You're my prey now, Senpai.
S-Someone would get the
wrong idea if they saw us.
Is that what you want?
What do you mean, the wrong idea?
W-Well, things and stuff.
You have such a thin neck, Senpai.
Stop! Stop it!
H-Hang on!
Why don't you shove me
aside if you don't like it?
Not that you could do it.
Wait!
Gross!
Garlic breath!
You're not getting away!
Ow...
You got your wish, Senpai!
You got accidentally lucky!
That's not how it works!
Garlic
Yakisoba
Hey, hey, Senpai, was that the
first time a girl touched you?
Huh? T-Touched? Touched what?
Well, was it?
I-I don't know!
You're beet red, Senpai.
Let me guess...
Did you get hard?
Shut up!
Want me to squeeze it again?
Ow...
Hey!
See you, Senpai.
Squish
Senpai.
Here.
Squeeeeze...
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
'Sup, Senpai?!
Okay, let's get started.
Hello, Senpai!
Wh-Why are you here?
I was about to start drawing.
Let's play a game.
A game?
The nipple guessing game!
The rules are simple.
You have to guess where the other person's
nipples are from over their clothes.
There!
That's all you have to do.
Okay?
How is that okay?!
B-Besides, guessing where
a girl's n-nipples are...
I'm not a groper.
You react like such a virgin, Senpai.
Wh-What does being a virgin
have to do with it?
There's no point in playing, even if I win.
No, there is.
A grand prize.
You can ask me to do anything ticket
A you-can-ask-me-to-do-anything ticket.
Whenever I'm toying with you...
You can use this...
Stop!
Okay.
You can make me stop, just like that.
You can ask me to do anything ticket
It doesn't have to be such
a boring order, either.
You can use it to make me
do something crazier.
Something crazier?
What? You want me to wear my swimsuit
in the club room, you say?!
I never said that!
What? You want me to be a nude model?!
You don't have to do that!
I don't know...
Why would you use the ticket like that?
You're so nasty, Senpai.
I don't care about using it
for "crazy stuff,"
You're so nasty, Senpai.
but if I can use this to make her stop...
F-Fine.
I'll play.
That's the spirit, Senpai.
That's what I wanted to hear.
Okay, here we go.
I-It's sudden death, all right?
I-I can do it.
She's not going to guess right off the bat.
Hunter
B-Bulls-eye!
Wait, she missed.
She's off by just a bit.
I'm not sure, but it's self-reported,
so I can just tell her she missed.
Y-You missed.
Well, Senpai?
Did I get you?
N-No!
Did I miss?
You m-m—
Well?
Did I get you? Senpai?
Senpai!
You got me!
Okay, your turn, Senpai.
Not that you have the guts to do it.
Well, the you-can-ask-me-to-do-anything
ticket is mine, then.
What should I use it for?
I'll do it.
Are you sure you can?
I said I'll do it.
I see.
Okay, go ahead.
Time's up!
Huh?!
You never said anything about time!
I forgot I was meeting my friends!
H-Hey...
Family Restaurant
One of my favorite family restaurants,
away from my school route.
I can finally relax and work on my manga.
Oh, damn, I think we have the
whole place to ourselves.
I told you.
Nagatoro!
Where should we sit?
How about over there?
Huh, you have Koba-sensei for contemporary
literature, too, Nagatoro-chan?
He never stops talking, does he?
Those boys are from the class next to mine.
I heard you're in a band, right, Senpai?
Yeah. He's writing these awesome songs.
Don't tell them.
Is it like Yaba P?
Nah, it's not like that.
If I had to describe it,
it's like an extension of art.
Want to give it a listen?
It's not the kind of simple crowd-pleasing
melodies that you hear all the time.
My music incorporates the kind of artistic
elements that come out of soul and hip-hop.
I'm going to the drink fountain.
Me, too, then.
Later.
Anyway, I think art is
never really understood.
In fact, it's art because it's
not understood, you know?
Nagatoro looks pretty annoyed.
I don't think that guy
knows how sadistic she is.
He's like a moth to the flame.
Huh?
This is music?
I thought it was some kind of weird bug.
Let's watch how she messes with you!
I don't get it.
Huh?
R-Really?
I guess it might have been
a bit too sophisticated.
It's not so much sophisticated as...
I didn't really feel anything.
It sounds like you aren't really into it.
Am I wrong?
W-Well...
That wasn't really the
reaction I was expecting.
I'm going to the bathroom.
Say what?
Sorry about him.
He isn't really good at reading the room.
I wasn't going to bring him,
but he insisted on coming.
You're pretty guarded, huh, Nagatoro-chan?
Am I?
You don't have to be so cautious around us!
This guy's persistent.
I went to a boys school for middle school,
so I don't really know
how to deal with girls.
I've never played with a girls boobs, even.
I'm serious.
What?
You have no idea what's coming!
I don't know if you're trying
to take her guard down,
but you've just made
yourself vulnerable.
Seriously?!
You're that old and you've never touched
a girl's boobs before? That's harsh.
Go play with some konjac jelly or something.
It would suit you.
Get bullied and cry as I have!
I'm not sure that's appropriate to say to
someone you're meeting for the first time.
I-I'm going to the bathroom.
Huh?
Toro-chan, are you not interested
in guys or something?
Not really.
It's just that those guys are boring.
I think they have a thing for you.
That's why I set you up with them.
I told you to stop doing that!
Jeez!
But they're so good-looking!
Hold on...
Am I the only one Nagatoro toys with?
'Sup, Senpai?
Are you on your way home, too?
Y-Yeah.
You have such a unique silhouette, Senpai.
I can tell it's you from really far away.
Like, "Look at that creepy thing over there!"
Stop calling me creepy!
You're really squiggly.
Squiggle, squiggle.
Hey, Nagatoro...
What is it, Senpai?
No, it's nothing.
What? What?
I want to know.
I s-said it's nothing.
Ew, he's squiggling again.
Gross.
Sh-Shut up!
Senpai's so gross.
So gross!
He's so gross!
Stop calling me gross!
He's going to be gross tomorrow, too!
Points of improvement for today!
Are we doing this every week?
Is that the kind of manga you draw?
It's similar.
I bet the protagonist is like you,
and he gets sucked on by a vampire all over.
N-No...
You're so obvious, Senpai.